	After reading the Stanford One Hundred Year Study on Artificial Intelligence 2016 Report, I gain more knowledge and understanding of the AI field as well as its usage and future obstacles. While I was reading through the report, three points stand out to me which are who will be liable to mistakes that are made by AI, who will reap the benefit of AI and the effect of AI development on labor. For this reason, I am going to challenge those two points for this essay assignment. 
	According to an article from Future of Work News by Laura Stotler, in the healthcare context, if the AI algorithm is developed by a medical facility, that medical facility will be responsible for any mistakes done by the AI. However, in the case when the AI is instead purchased from another vendor, if state law does not require the technology to be used but medical facility chooses to utilize the technology, the medical facility will be responsible for any mistakes done by the AI. In my opinion, I agree that if the AI algorithm is developed by the party who will be using it, they should be fully responsible for any liability caused by the AI. Similarly, in the case of a facility using AI developed by another party, the facility who chooses to use that AI should be held responsible for any mistakes. The way I think about this is similar to any other products. Just like using smartphones excessively can cause several complications to health but smartphones company are not held liable for the damage caused. This might not be a perfect analogy, but my point is that utilizing AI created by another people is no different than buying and using any other product. We should understand the risk associated with using the product and accepting responsibility for any mistakes that happened because of the product unless the product itself is faulty.
	An article from Medium written by Filipe Rigueiro mentions about intellectual property for AI-generated invention and gives an example by mentioning about a machine creating a new music by using specific musician information. The author then ponders on who should receive the credit, the original musician or the AI developer. In my opinion, the credit should lie on the creator of the AI system. One might argue that some credit should be given to the original musician. However, even without AI, other musicians also create their new music inspired indirectly and unconsciously from other musicians as well but never give credit to the original musician. So, I would consider the AI system to be tools to help the creator to generate new music. 
	The last point I’m going to challenge is the impact of AI on the labor market. An article from Medium George Krasadakis mentions several jobs that will be on decline and eventually obsolete as a result of the appearance of better AI in the coming future. This will eventually result in more people losing their jobs. However, I believe the emerging sector of AI will also create more employment although the exact number is still yet to be known. I don’t really see this as a big problem as humankind has gone through similar processes in the past. The changes that will occur will also happen gradually and people can learn other skills to adapt to the changes.
